Having trouble viewing this email ? View it in your browser.                   Dear Student, Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna has announced admission details of its PGDM programmes (AICTE approved) for the academic year 2013-15. This college is a dream project of Nitish Kumar, the Chief Minister of Bihar. The college had 100% placement record for its 1st batch. Following are the details: Institute Course Eligibility Test Last Date for  submission of application form Application Fee Website Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna 2-year full time PGDM (2013-15) Min 50% in graduation. Final year students can also apply. CAT 2012 8 Dec 2012 Application forms along with Information Brochure can be procured from CIMP between 10th September and 7th December 2012 by paying 1000/- (200/- for SC/ST candidates). Alternatively, eligible candidates can apply online (www.cimp.ac.in) and send duly completed and signed printout of online application along with a Demand Draft of 1000/- (200/- for SC/ST candidates) in favor of Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna payable at Patna, to CIMP Admissions Office. Eligible candidates can also download the Application Form and Information Brochure from the institute website (www.cimp.ac.in) and send duly completed and signed application form along with the Demand Draft to CIMP Admissions Office. SC and ST candidates must enclose a copy of their SC/ST certificates along with the do wnloaded application form / printout of online application. www.cimp.ac.in To keep yourself abreast of the latest notifications visit "Notification Calendar" on  http://www.imsindia.com/options/MBA_notification.htm  Regards IMS Student Guidance Cell Contact No: 022-66680005. Extn. 272                            Ask a Query | Have us call you | Our Centres   Copyright © 2012 by IMS Learning Resources Pvt. Ltd., All Rights Reserved IMS values your privacy. At no time has IMS made your email address available to any other user/entity without your permission. ©2012, IMS Learning Resources Pvt. Ltd www.imsindia.com  Having trouble viewing this email ? View it in your browser.                   Dear Student, Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna has announced admission details of its PGDM programmes (AICTE approved) for the academic year 2013-15. This college is a dream project of Nitish Kumar, the Chief Minister of Bihar. The college had 100% placement record for its 1st batch. Following are the details: Institute Course Eligibility Test Last Date for  submission of application form Application Fee Website Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna 2-year full time PGDM (2013-15) Min 50% in graduation. Final year students can also apply. CAT 2012 8 Dec 2012 Application forms along with Information Brochure can be procured from CIMP between 10th September and 7th December 2012 by paying 1000/- (200/- for SC/ST candidates). Alternatively, eligible candidates can apply online (www.cimp.ac.in) and send duly completed and signed printout of online application along with a Demand Draft of 1000/- (200/- for SC/ST candidates) in favor of Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna payable at Patna, to CIMP Admissions Office. Eligible candidates can also download the Application Form and Information Brochure from the institute website (www.cimp.ac.in) and send duly completed and signed application form along with the Demand Draft to CIMP Admissions Office. SC and ST candidates must enclose a copy of their SC/ST certificates along with the do wnloaded application form / printout of online application. www.cimp.ac.in To keep yourself abreast of the latest notifications visit "Notification Calendar" on  http://www.imsindia.com/options/MBA_notification.htm  Regards IMS Student Guidance Cell Contact No: 022-66680005. Extn. 272                            Ask a Query | Have us call you | Our Centres   Copyright © 2012 by IMS Learning Resources Pvt. Ltd., All Rights Reserved IMS values your privacy. At no time has IMS made your email address available to any other user/entity without your permission. ©2012, IMS Learning Resources Pvt. Ltd www.imsindia.com   You are receiving this email because of your relationship with the sender. To safely unsubscribe or modify your subscription settings please click here