Having trouble viewing this email ? View it in your browser. XLRI Admissions – 2013 XLRI C.H Area (E) Jamshedpur – 831001 Ph: +91 657 665 3203-05, Fax: +91 657 665 3200/2227814, www.xlri.ac.in Apply to XLRI If you are: *   Aspiring to be business leaders of the future *   Seeking firm grounding in value based management       XLRI one of the premier B school in the country which is consistently ranked among the top five Management Institutes.  This year Business India has ranked us fourth.  XLRI passes on its spirit of “Magis” – ever greater, ever better, excellence – to its students and propels them to strive for integral development apart from academic excellence.   This means XLRI is not only concentrating on knowledge development and education to become future Business Leader but also personal, moral and social development. Admissions Process For registering to XLRI’s Academic Programmes following two steps are required: Step 1:   XAT Registration August 20 – November 30, 2012 Visit www.xatonline.net.in Step 2:    XLRI Registration September 03 – December 22, 2012 Visit www.xlri.edu Academic Programmes offered at XLRI Human Resource Management (HRM) Business Management (BM) The HRM program is designed to develop specialists capable of tapping the immense but latent, people potential in organizations. It primarily focuses on employee relations, Human Resource Management systems and practices, legal framework, interpersonal and leadership skills. Our HRM course is considered a pioneering course in the Asia-Pacific region, and is much acclaimed and highly sought after. 2 YEAR P.G. PROGRAMME Making prospective participants effective business leaders and sensitive managers is the thrust of the BM programme, one of the leading Business Management programmes in the country.  The training prepares leader managers to be value based and have an integrated approach to decision making.  In addition there are contingency grants for research work. Eligibility   Those who have completed bachelor’s degree of minimum three years duration or completing their final examinations by June 10, 2013 General Management (GMP) Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) The programme aims at re-engineering the skills of the practicing managers and executives with at least five years of relevant managerial experience. This full time programme recognized by AICTE as being equivalent to PG Diploma in General Management, incorporates a 3 months hands-on experience in a relevant area. Eligibility: visit acad.xlri.ac.in/admission Primarily aimed at training participants as faculty at premier management institutes, researchers or consultants, this prestigious course carries fellowship of Rs. 20,000/- per month in the first two years and Rs. 25,000/- per month in the following two years. Eligibility visit www.xlri.ac.in/research Selection Criteria for BM and HRM (i)  is based on performance in XAT; (ii) group discussion and personal interviews For details visit programme specific websites or www.xlri,ac,in E Bulletin and E Prospectus.Having trouble viewing this email ? View it in your browser. XLRI Admissions – 2013 XLRI C.H Area (E) Jamshedpur – 831001 Ph: +91 657 665 3203-05, Fax: +91 657 665 3200/2227814, www.xlri.ac.in Apply to XLRI If you are: *   Aspiring to be business leaders of the future *   Seeking firm grounding in value based management       XLRI one of the premier B school in the country which is consistently ranked among the top five Management Institutes.  This year Business India has ranked us fourth.  XLRI passes on its spirit of “Magis” – ever greater, ever better, excellence – to its students and propels them to strive for integral development apart from academic excellence.   This means XLRI is not only concentrating on knowledge development and education to become future Business Leader but also personal, moral and social development. Admissions Process For registering to XLRI’s Academic Programmes following two steps are required: Step 1:   XAT Registration August 20 – November 30, 2012 Visit www.xatonline.net.in Step 2:    XLRI Registration September 03 – December 22, 2012 Visit www.xlri.edu Academic Programmes offered at XLRI Human Resource Management (HRM) Business Management (BM) The HRM program is designed to develop specialists capable of tapping the immense but latent, people potential in organizations. It primarily focuses on employee relations, Human Resource Management systems and practices, legal framework, interpersonal and leadership skills. Our HRM course is considered a pioneering course in the Asia-Pacific region, and is much acclaimed and highly sought after. 2 YEAR P.G. PROGRAMME Making prospective participants effective business leaders and sensitive managers is the thrust of the BM programme, one of the leading Business Management programmes in the country.  The training prepares leader managers to be value based and have an integrated approach to decision making.  In addition there are contingency grants for research work. Eligibility   Those who have completed bachelor’s degree of minimum three years duration or completing their final examinations by June 10, 2013 General Management (GMP) Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) The programme aims at re-engineering the skills of the practicing managers and executives with at least five years of relevant managerial experience. This full time programme recognized by AICTE as being equivalent to PG Diploma in General Management, incorporates a 3 months hands-on experience in a relevant area. Eligibility: visit acad.xlri.ac.in/admission Primarily aimed at training participants as faculty at premier management institutes, researchers or consultants, this prestigious course carries fellowship of Rs. 20,000/- per month in the first two years and Rs. 25,000/- per month in the following two years. Eligibility visit www.xlri.ac.in/research Selection Criteria for BM and HRM (i)  is based on performance in XAT; (ii) group discussion and personal interviews For details visit programme specific websites or www.xlri,ac,in E Bulletin and E Prospectus. You are receiving this email because of your relationship with the sender. To safely unsubscribe or modify your subscription settings please click here